Wanna know how I got these scars?
I kept dreaming of a world I thought I'd never see. And then one day... I got in.
Go ahead, make my day.
Yeah? Well, at least I'm not ugly!
There's an awful lot you could tell about a person by their shoes.
You are the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
May the force be with you.
No fate but what we make for ourselves.
I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.
Live for nothing or die for something.
Hasta la vista.
Do you even lift?
Install Gentoo.
Ironic shitposting is still shitposting.
Yeah, but will it blend?
It just works.
COREY IN THE HOOOUUUSE
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
It doesn't respect your freedom.
What you're referring to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
This changes everything. Again.
640K ought to be enough for anybody
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
You see, when I got high the chain of events disappeared, no past, no future, just the sweet sticky now.
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one.
I'm the king of the world!
This is sparta!
Say 'hello' to my little friend!
Instala Gentoo.
Why so serious?
Who? Who is but the form following the function of what and what I am is a man in a mask.
Why didn’t somebody tell me my ass was so big?
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, and sometimes it rains.
Sabrina, don’t just stare at it, eat it.
I love my dead gay son.
Bond. James Bond.
Do, or do not. There is no "try".
Introduce a little anarchy. Upset the established order, and everything becomes chaos. I'm an agent of chaos. Oh, and you know the thing about chaos? It's fair!
There's a hundred thousand streets in this city. If I drive for you, you give me a time and a place, I give you a five minute window. Anything happens in that five minutes, then I'm yours, no matter what. Anything happens a minute either side of that, and you're on your own. Do you understand?
Heeere's Johnny! 
The force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet.
Hey hey hey it's time to make some carrrrazzzyy money are ya ready? Here we go!
Thank you Mario! But our Princess is in another castle!
This is your fault. I'm going to kill you. And all the cake is gone. You don't even care, do you?
Oh, hi. So, how are you holding up? BECAUSE I'M A POTATO!
All right, I've been thinking, when life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade! Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I'm the man whose gonna burn your house down - with the lemons!
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
C-c-c-combo breaker!
Programmers are the "Wizards of the future".
Killtacular!
I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?
This is Sparta!
The dream is collapsing.
Now a question of etiquette; as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?
M-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL!
Finish him!!
You're not a scientist. You're not a doctor. You're not even a full-time employee! Where did your life go so wrong?
My God. I haven’t been fucked like that since grade school.
Prepare for unforseen consequences.
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
This isn't where I parked my car.
Dude, Where's My Car?
Reticulating splines.
You were almost a Jill sandwich!
Hey! Listen!
It’s super effective!
Do a barrel roll!
Didn’t we have some fun though? Remember when the platform was sliding into the fire pit and I said ‘Goodbye’ and you were like ‘NO WAY!’ and then I was all ‘We pretended we were going to murder you’? That was great.
